1. What is emmet ?

- Emmet is a built-in feature in Visual Studio Code. You don’t have to install any extensions for emmet 
support. Emmet prevents you from writing the entire code by yourself by providing Emmet abbreviation. 
Emmet is enabled by default in html, haml, pug, slim, jsx, xml, xsl, css, scss, sass, less and stylus 
files, and also in languages that inherits from any of the above like handlebars and PHP.

Example:

Generating HTML Skeleton
The first thing you would do when creating a HTML page is create the skeleton for it, that is type DOCTYPE, html,head, body tags.

What it you could do all that with just 2 keys? Yeah Emmet let’s you do that.

Just type ‘!` in the editor, it will show a pop up with the content that will be generated, 
press enter and there you have your HTML skeleton . Cool isn’t is?

2.  Difference between a Library and Framework ?

-Key Differences between Framework and Library
A framework is a set of pre-written code that provides a structure for developing software applications. 
A library, on the other hand, is a collection of pre-written code that can be used to perform specific tasks.

3. What is CDN? Why do we use it ?

-A content delivery network (CDN) is a geographically distributed group of servers that caches content 
close to end users. A CDN allows for the quick transfer of assets needed for loading Internet content, 
including HTML pages, JavaScript files, stylesheets, images, and videos.

To add the CDN on to your code/website you just need to copy the CDN and put it down to your code

4. Why is React known as React ?

-React is one of many libraries and it's completely frontend and specializes in things that 
the user interacts with when they're using a website. This could be buttons, search bars and menus. 
“And it's called React because it reacts.

5.  What is crossorigin in script tag ?

-The crossorigin attribute sets the mode of the request to an HTTP CORS Request. 
Web pages often make requests to load resources on other servers. Here is where CORS comes in. 
A cross-origin request is a request for a resource (e.g. style sheets, iframes, images, fonts, or scripts) 
from another domain.

6. What is diference between React and ReactDOM ? 

- In order to work with React in the browsers, we need to include 2 libraries: React and ReactDOM. 
React library is responsible for creating views and ReactDOM library is responsible to actually render 
UI in the browser.

7. What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?

- In production mode, compression and minification of Javascript and other resources happens to 
reduce size of the code which is not the case when it comes to development mode. 
Performance will be much faster in production mode when compared to development mode.

8. What is async and defer ?

- Async allows your script to run as soon as it's loaded, without blocking other elements on the page. 
Defer means your script will only execute after the page has finished loading. 
In most cases, async is the better option — but there are exceptions.